Release 0.10.0 [SDK-1343] (#76)
auth0/SimpleKeychain: README.md

pod "SimpleKeychain"
```

Then, run `pod install`.

> > For further reference on Cocoapods, check [their official documentation](http://guides.cocoapods.org/using/getting-started.html).

Reviewer: > For further reference on

I would change this to "For more information on/about.." to be consistent with line 49, and I think it reads better.

```suggestion
> For more information on Cocoapods, check [their official documentation](http://guides.cocoapods.org/using/getting-started.html).
```

github "auth0/SimpleKeychain"
```

Then run `carthage bootstrap`.

> For more information about Carthage usage, check [their official documentation](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage#if-youre-building-for-ios-tvos-or-watchos).

#### SPM (Xcode 11.2+)

If you are using the Swift Package Manager, open the following menu item in Xcode:

**File > Swift Packages > Add Package Dependency...**

In the **Choose Package Repository** prompt add this url: 

```
https://github.com/auth0/SimpleKeychain.git
```

Then, press **Next** and complete the remaining steps.

> > For further reference on SPM, check [its official documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/adding_package_dependencies_to_your_app).

Reviewer: Same thing as above:

```suggestion
> For more information on SPM, check [its official documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/adding_package_dependencies_to_your_app).
```
